bye
the guild season 4 wrapped a week ago so
we are done premiere date is july 13 on
xbox msn and soon um it was a long
we've ever done it was 16 days of
shooting it's always a mad rush to get
everything that you need especially on a
web series budget and you know we don't
have a ton of crew but we have so many
talented people working that we do like
twice the work that normal crew would do
I think that said I really am really
happy about season four we doing some
things we've never done before it's kind
of wacky and I really think hopefully
people like it makes me left now I would
just like to be on the beach like in the
shade was in my time a hand I don't like
the Sun particularly but you know maybe
just the feeling of being on an island
is Anna fantastic sort of isolationism a
feeling you know we're definitely making
a push to produce other series by the
end of the year at least for another one
and I write the guild but I definitely
you know I would like to focus on one
other project between seasons four and
seasons five I'm literally have not had
a vacation from the show in a very long
time and I think that you know doing a
project in between would definitely help
give fresh eyes to the show so people
think I'm you know somebody but that's
from the internet perspective like I
don't I've actually barely audition for
other things you know the rare time that
I do other jobs is when the producer or
writer write me part but I think we're
going to see more and more people who
are doing their own stuff on the web
jump to more TV and in movies I mean I
know that this pilot season that casts a
lot of actors from web series
I've been forced to become an
entrepreneur balancing checkbooks doing
anything like that has never been
anything I was trained to do or how to
particular interest in so for me I was
like the internet it's kind of
democratic I'll just go to the tech
company and you know as far as the show
goes that Microsoft is a dream to work
with they're not interested in
creatively shaping the show as long as
we deliver something consistent and some
of their audiences feel like and I
appreciate their trust and I try to
deliver something consistent and funny
that their audience is going to love as
much you know and art ones are combined
sat down with a web show with no budget
and we made out of our houses I was like
how how do I get this show to the people
who want to watch it and I just thought
like what would I do and that's how I
always do it you know now the show is
thrown to the point where I can't manage
everything it's two women doing this
show we don't have an office we can't
afford we don't have you know sometimes
we have an intern and that's all I'm
over soon usually but we're doing it
ourselves so time management is very
challenging and we actually do have
somebody now Brian a cameo cup boot
because we just literally couldn't
handle the the guild email Twitter and
Facebook and I was noticing I just not
updated for our fans enough so he you
know we do I still post a little bit on
there but he is the one who manages
those accounts for us now there's no
going back at this point you can't just
be an artist without a website and a
Twitter stream in a blog you know you
can't write books without blogging about
it and Inter interacting with your fans
and having tweet ups and stuff like that
like I think that there is an
expectation because people are seeing
that creating a community is valuable
and it makes your property whatever it
is that you do stand out from the crowd
but if you're you know satisfied with
working in the niche that you have and
believe me on the internet a niche is
millions and other people so that you
might not be why not be happy with that
and go from
you